A man wielding a chainsaw stands in front of a lecture hall
Lines from an oscilloscope pulsate on screen
People watch video and read course materials on tablet devices
Close-ups of online course material and videos play in the background.
Pedestrians fill the screen
Hands raised at a concert
A young woman sits types on her laptop
Aerial shot of Harvard and MIT campuses
Students laugh in a lecture hall
Screenshots of in course videos and assessments
A world map with markers that reveal detailed information when clicked
A drag and drop exercise.
An online discussion forum
Two students sharing headphones, work together at a laptop
A user sets their preferred language in the edX application
Computer code appears next to a young woman on screen
A diverse group of people stand in a group. A subtitle appears with the text "Learn Chinese with us!"
A person wearing a lab coat peers into a microscope
Tiny screen shots from edX course videos swing in from screen left and organize themselves to form the edX logo